the Supreme Court hearing oral arguments
by telephones beginning today due to
coronavirus the public can listen in for
the first time ever joining us right now
is Fox News senior judicial analyst
Judge Andrew Napolitano judge great to
see you this sounds interesting
what's fascinating for those of us that
watch the Supreme Court because we can
we can monitor the oral argument in real
time without having to go to Washington
DC - to observe it this is really
radical for the court Mariya because
there the give and take not only between
lawyer and and justice but between the
justices themselves simply won't be
there so the way the court is setting it
up is they will speak in order of
seniority they can't jump in
spontaneously in order to respond to
something that a lawyer says or a
colleague on the bench says as would be
the case if they were in their courtroom
so the first person to speak will be the
Chief Justice then just as Thomas
bestest Thomas always spoken once in 25
years on the bench so he's probably not
going to say anything that'd have gotta
Justice Ginsburg all the way down to the
most junior justice is justice Kavanagh
the question is will this change
jurisprudence will this change the way
the court views oral argument will it
change the law or is this just a
temporary in my view commendable stopgap
in this age of coronavirus I want to ask
you I want to switch gears and ask you
about Congress demanding that jeff bezos
testify judge the House Judiciary
Committee wants to question the Amazon
CEO about quote criminally false
statements the company is suspected of
making to Congress about its business
practices as part of the panel's
antitrust investigation judge Bezos has
yet to make a congressional appearance
does he have to show up now well it's
very interesting I mean he is not the
human being who is alleged to have made
false statements it is that person that
Congress should call this goes to the
information that
Hasaan uses when it charges advertising
rates and what it may do to squeeze out
some small competitors remember it's its
suppliers are also its competitors but
somebody's been show all right Judge
Napolitano thank you